feat: blockchain agnostic inputs (#89)
cartesi/rollups-contracts: onchain/.changeset/mean-news-float.md

---
"@cartesi/rollups": major
---

> Inputs are now blockchain-agnostic and self-contained blobs. For example, inputs added by EVM contracts like `InputBox` are encoded using `abi.encodeWithSignature` and contain EVM-specific metadata like `msg.sender` and `block.timestamp`.

Reviewer: The fact that inputs are encoded with `abi.encodeWithSignature` is a mere implementation detail. Also, we might use `abi.encodeCall` instead for type safety reasons. Either way, let's focus on the fact that inputs now contain metadata.

```suggestion
Inputs are now blockchain-agnostic and self-contained blobs. For example, inputs added by EVM contracts like `InputBox` contain EVM-specific metadata like `msg.sender` and `block.timestamp`.
```

---
"@cartesi/rollups": major
---

> Now inputs are blockchain-agnostic and self-contained blobs. EVM inputs will be encoded with signature of evm.

Reviewer: First change.

```suggestion
Inputs are now blockchain-agnostic and self-contained blobs. For example, inputs added by EVM contracts like `InputBox` are encoded using `abi.encodeWithSignature` and contain EVM-specific metadata like `msg.sender` and `block.timestamp`.
```

> Also rename fields in the InputAdded event. inputIndex --> index and input --> payload.

Reviewer: Second change.

```suggestion
Fields in the `InputAdded` event were renamed. `inputIndex` was renamed to `index`, and `input` was renamed to `payload`.
```
